update changelog (#1295)
MicroEJ/docs: VEEPortingGuide/architectureChangelog.rst

~~~~

- Increased the maximum number of blocks allowed in a method to prevent the ``[M200] - Maximum number of blocks reached`` error.

> - Added an appropriate error message when a resource with an invalid name (contains a delimiter) is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added an appropriate error message when a resources list file contains an invalid resource declaration.
```
